Whatsnew updates for v0.20.0 . (#528)
SciTools/iris-grib: docs/ref/release_notes.rst

Reviewer: How did you choose which PRs to include?

| PR | `release_notes.rst` | [Merged PRs since `2023-11-20`](https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/pulls?page=2&q=is%3Apr+is%3Amerged+-author%3Aapp%2Fpre-commit-ci+-label%3Abot+merged%3A%3E2023-11-20+sort%3Acreated-asc) |
| -- | -- | -- |
| <li>#343</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#366</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#371</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#374</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#400</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#401</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#402</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#402</li> | ✅ |  |
| <li>#405</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#406</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#407</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#408</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#410</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#413</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#415</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#419</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#420</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#424</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#425</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#426</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#427</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#429</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#430</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#432</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#433</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#435</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#436</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#437</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#438</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#439</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#440</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#441</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#444</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#447</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#450</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#452</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#453</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#454</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#455</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#456</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#459</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#460</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#461</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#463</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#464</li> | ✅ |  |
| <li>#471</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#479</li> |  | ✅ |
| <li>#497</li> | ✅ | ✅ |
| <li>#504</li> | ✅ | ✅ |

  `(PR#447) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/pull/447>`_

* `@tkknight <https://github.com/tkknight>`_ fixed the display formatting of linux
  commands.
  `(PR#455) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/pull/455>`_

Dependencies
^^^^^^^^^^^^
* `@pp-mo <https://github.com/pp-mo>`_ enabled support for
  `eccodes v2.36 <https://confluence.ecmwf.int/display/ECC/ecCodes+version+2.36.0+released>`_.
  Eccodes v2.36 has implemented some backwards incompatible changes :
  The ``indicatorOfUnitOfTimeRange`` key was removed, to be replaced with
  ``indicatorOfUnitForForecastTime`` (but only in GRIB v2 messages, not GRIB 1);
  and the ``iScansPositively`` and ``jScansPositively`` keys became read-only.
  The resulting changes mean **we now only support eccodes >=2.33**.
  `(PR#504) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/issues/504>`_

* `@bjlittle <https://github.com/bjlittle>`_ added iris-sample-data as a dependency,
  as required for doctests.
  `(PR#413) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/pull/413>`_

* `@pp-mo <https://github.com/pp-mo>`_ made compatible with Iris >= 3.10 .
  `(PR#463) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/pull/463>`_

Internal
^^^^^^^^

> * `@ESadek-MO <https://github.com/ESadek-MO>`_ updated CONTRIBUTING.md in line with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@trexfeathers <https://github.com/trexfeathers>`_ updated CONTRIBUTING.md in line with the
```

  newer v5 SciTools CLA. `(PR#371) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/issues/371>`_

* `@trexfeathers <https://github.com/trexfeathers>`_ added a pre-commit configuration.
  `(PR#400) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/issues/400>`_

* `@HGWright <https://github.com/HGWright>`_ replaced setup.py with pyproject.toml.
  `(PR#408) <https://github.com/SciTools/iris-grib/pull/408>`_

> * `@ESadek-MO <https://github.com/ESadek-MO>`_ configured for MyPy checking via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@stephenworsley <https://github.com/stephenworsley>`_ configured for MyPy checking via
```
